Joey oh my god okay
[Music]
so uh guess we should make it official
huh Joey I'm really more of a candy kind
of guy you're weird today yeah I wanted
to talk to you about something yeah
actually I kind of need to talk to you
too Joey give us a minute
No what I'm sorry I meant no where's my
granddaughter I've been practicing my
magic tricks
you pulled a quarter out of my ear
where's mom she went to pick up aunt
Liddy
Oh a lady's coming that means we get
five dollars each so when do I get to
meet Emma and show her this okay Wow dad
Emma's in the nursery I'll I'll take you
now if you want but I really want to
talk but before you guys do that I need
to talk to you and Ross I need to talk
to you and I need to talk to you about
what see if you know what these guys are
talking about
this way
[Music]
it's beautiful look at her my first
grandchild what about Ben
well of course Ben I meant my first
granddaughter
not any more about you in Rachel
oh yeah actually I was gonna talk to her
when you guys all came in the room
yay so exciting Wow you could have done
that with us there
Yeah right oh sure okay you can touch
yourself in front of us but you can't
talk Rachel to look what what have I
ever touched myself in front of you guys
oh please just before when you were
asleep in the lounge that Armenian
family is watching you instead of the TV
that reminds me that mr. house media
still has my game board